Adding a FAQs for upcoming account changes (#2535)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/faqs/Project/consolidate-projects.md

---
title: How can I consolidate projects in dbt Cloud?
description: "Consolidating projects in dbt Cloud"
sidebar_label: 'How to consolidate projects'
id: consolidate-projects

---

> Consolidating projects can be an enormous task, and there is no universal solution, but there are a few options to consider when determining the scope of the work that needs to be done. This article outlines some common approaches to project consolidation in dbt Cloud.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Consolidating your dbt projects can be an enormous task, and there is no universal solution. But, there are some common approaches to project consolidation in dbt Cloud that you can follow, depending on the scope of the work that needs to be done.
```

Reviewer: sugg: conciseness

If you have multiple projects that contain production-worthy code, there are rarely straightforward solutions to merging them. Let's suppose you have `Main Project` and `Smaller Subset Project`.

## Files and Folders

> 

Reviewer: sugg adding a short paragraph here to quickly introduce the 2 subsections below it. Something like, "When moving project files as part of consolidations, you can ...... "

### Git and the local directory

Reference the [merge git commands](https://gist.github.com/msrose/2feacb303035d11d2d05) to help complete the migration plan. Using the commands will help retain git commit history, but you might result in duplicate folders called `models`, `tests`, etc. You will most likely still have to move files around manually.

> Another option would be to use an external code editor to drag and drop folders and files from the `Smaller Subset Project` to the `Main Project`. This is what internal dbt Labs experts recommend to stay informed about what comes over to the main project and also allows you to be more aware of the incoming files, with the ability to make any minor tweaks to folder hierarchy that you might want to do at the same time.

Reviewer: sugg: 

- add an example of an external code editor so it reads something like, "... to use an external code editor (like, <example>) to drag ...."
- rewrite the second sentence of this paragraph. i'm not sure what my takeaway is supposed to be. it's really lengthy and hard to parse.

### Manual migration with multiple browser tabs

> If you only have a couple of models or macros that you want to move over, grab the raw file contents from your git provider in `Smaller Subset Project` and paste the contents into a new file in your `Main Project`, within the dbt Cloud IDE.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you only have a couple of models or macros that you want to consolidate, copy the raw file contents from your git provider in `Smaller Subset Project`. Then, in the dbt Cloud IDE, paste the contents into a new file in your `Main Project`.
```

Reviewer: sugg: try to improve readability by breaking up complex sentence

> Alternatively, you can download those files from your git provider (`Smaller Subset Project` repo) and upload them back to your other repository (`Main Project` repo). This doesn’t scale well and could bypass change controls, so it may only be a viable solution for organizations with only a few files.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Alternatively, you can download those files from your git provider (`Smaller Subset Project` repo) and upload them back to your other repository (`Main Project` repo). This doesn’t scale well and could bypass change controls, so it might only be a viable solution for organizations with only a few files.
```

> ## Production Jobs

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Production jobs
```

Reviewer: sugg: sentence casing (vs title casing)

> If you have multiple projects with deployment environments deploying jobs, this poses another challenge. Assuming we can bring all the models from `Smaller Subset Project` into `Main Project`, your commands within your jobs will take on a new meaning. In lieu of refactoring your global job strategy at the same time, you can add tags to the incoming project models and utilize that in your job command syntax, with the help of node selection syntax.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you have multiple projects with deployment environments deploying jobs, this poses another challenge. Assuming all the models from `Smaller Subset Project` can be consolidated into `Main Project`, your commands within your jobs will take on a new meaning. In lieu of refactoring your global job strategy at the same time, you can add tags to the incoming project models and utilize that in your job command syntax, with the help of node selection syntax.
```

Reviewer: unsure what "take on a new meaning" means. sugg being more specific for translation purposes (avoid colloquialisms)

> Main Project job command example: `dbt build --exclude tag:smaller_subset_project`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Main Project job command example: `dbt build --exclude tag:smaller_subset_project`

```

> Smaller Subset Project commands: `dbt build --select tag:smaller_subset_project`

Reviewer: ```suggestion

Smaller Subset Project commands: `dbt build --select tag:smaller_subset_project`
```

Reviewer: for ^, a newline is needed in between lines 30 and 31 as they're running together:

![Screenshot 2022-12-13 at 2 52 03 PM](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/107218380/207462780-966c271b-db4b-40b7-90cb-f18e303ea0cf.png)

---
title: How can I consolidate projects in dbt Cloud?
description: "Consolidating projects in dbt Cloud"
sidebar_label: 'How to consolidate projects'
id: consolidate-projects

---

Consolidating your dbt projects can be an enormous task, and there is no universal solution. But, there are some common approaches to project consolidation in dbt Cloud that you can follow, depending on the scope of the work that needs to be done.

If you have multiple projects that contain production-worthy code, there are rarely straightforward solutions to merging them. Let's suppose you have `Main Project` and `Smaller Subset Project`.

## Files and Folders

### Git and the local directory

Reference the [merge git commands](https://gist.github.com/msrose/2feacb303035d11d2d05) to help complete the migration plan. Using the commands will help retain git commit history, but you might result in duplicate folders called `models`, `tests`, etc. You will most likely still have to move files around manually.

> Another option would be to use an external code editor to drag and drop folders and files from the `Smaller Subset Project` to the `Main Project`. This is what internal dbt Labs experts recommend to stay informed about what comes over to the main project and also allows you to be more aware of the incoming files, with the ability to make any minor tweaks to folder hierarchy that you might want to do at the same time.

Author: ```suggestion
Another option would be to use an external code editor (for example, VS Code) to move and files from the `Smaller Subset Project` to the `Main Project`. This is what internal dbt Labs experts recommend to stay informed about what comes over to the main project and also allows you to be more aware of the incoming files, with the ability to make any minor tweaks to folder hierarchy that you might want to do at the same time.
```

> Another option would be to use an external code editor (for example, VS Code) to move files from the `Smaller Subset Project` to the `Main Project`. This is what internal dbt Labs experts recommend to stay informed about what comes over to the main project and also allows you to be more aware of the incoming files, with the ability to make any minor tweaks to folder hierarchy that you might want to do at the same time.

Reviewer 2: If we recommend the second option, can we instead make it the first option? i.e. swap these lines around so we say "We recommend you use VS Code, alternatively you can also do this git switcharoo"

> Another option would be to use an external code editor (for example, VS Code) to move and files from the `Smaller Subset Project` to the `Main Project`. This is what internal dbt Labs experts recommend to stay informed about what comes over to the main project and also allows you to be more aware of the incoming files, with the ability to make any minor tweaks to folder hierarchy that you might want to do at the same time.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Another option would be to use an external code editor (for example, VS Code) to move files from the `Smaller Subset Project` to the `Main Project`. This is what internal dbt Labs experts recommend to stay informed about what comes over to the main project and also allows you to be more aware of the incoming files, with the ability to make any minor tweaks to folder hierarchy that you might want to do at the same time.
```
